Changes for PMM-9927 (#810)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.29.md

# Force disconnect connections to Percona Platform
PMM servers that are no longer relevant to a Platform organization can now be disconnected from Percona Platform also by Admin users without a Percona Platform account. This enables Admin users to terminate problematic connections when troubleshooting servers.

> To force-disconnect a server as a PMM Admin user, go to **Configuration > Settings > Percona Platform** and click **Disconnect**. Confirm that you want to force-disconnect the connection then go to Percona Platform to remove the lingering server from the list PMM Instances connected to the organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To force-disconnect a server as a PMM Admin user, go to **Configuration > Settings > Percona Platform** and click **Disconnect**. Confirm that you want to force-disconnect the connection. Then go to Percona Platform to remove the redundant server from the list of PMM instances connected to the organization. 
```
